And again we made a comment here that this is going to be for portfolio or sponsor.
And if we go back or here you can see that and this is what we have read so we have a massive image
All right that's going to be actually spanning all across the screen.
And that's not something that we would want.
So what we're going to do over here again we're going to say this is going to be a media screen.
We're going to say and I don't want you know going to see a man with this is going to be 576 pixels
here curly braces and then I'm going to say we're here portfolio center.
Know you are going to say this play when you say flex or hear this then we're going to have flex.
So again if we say this can go and check it out what we have right.
So right away you can see that they're actually in one big line over here.
Right.
So what do you want.
Well here is actually a few things.
So again as always we're going to have a flex rap.
So every time we're actually shrinking it down they wrap to the next line and I don't hear the same
thing just different content and space between doing this.
And then for the actual work part we're here we're going to say work on it like this.
And then we're going to say we're here and this is going to be flex and again zero for a growing zero
for shrinking coke or coke again and we're going to say this is going to be 50 percent and let's say
we're here minus 15 pixels.
However remember over here with this space right.
Otherwise the cost function is not going to work and all we're hearing and we're going to say this and
this and once we refresh right now we can see that this is going to be a 50 percent story and then after
that we would want for a bigger screen.
Right.
So again we can easily just grab this guy over here copy and paste it over here.
And then what we're going to see over here and this is going to be seven.
76 right.
Delete this first part over here.
And for the work world is going right and this is going to be three three point three.
I guess I get it all going to say this and we're going to go back over here and now have three of them.
All right so now there's three of them.
So as I'm hovering right you can see that the bottom part is coming up.
This one is actually changing and it's the same deal and the same here.
And obviously for all of them and now we're ready to move on to our next section.